Teacher Cheng, do you think Master Niang has something to do with this Wutietian thing?
It definitely matters
She must know something, otherwise the murderer wouldn't be able to target her.
She might be Wu Tietian's fool. So where are you going now?
We went to the police station and the chess car was reported as covered. Did the police know they were looking for us?
Just say you know why the murderer wanted to get out of the car. I know.
But I have a condition. You have to tell me what happened to Wu Tietian at that time.
What does Wutietian have to do with the chess car cover?
It's definitely not an accident. It could be murder.
Wu Tietian’s family did not report the matter in the first place.
we always knew this
I heard that in the end, my family had an affair with a Tian-level hospital.
Private couple, why did you blow up the car?
Are you saying that your family blew up the car without hearing anything?
Anyway, he is going to blow up his wife in a Tian-level hospital.
Don't say there is evidence for this.
You don't even know who the murderer is
How do you target his target?
Whether you believe it or not
It’s okay if you don’t believe it
Anyway, I'm so hot
How do you know my itinerary?
we have met many times
It's okay. You have to go.
Will your wife leave if she finds out there is something wrong?
Next time I go back to prison and ask her
Let's discuss the power supply first.